My favorite thing about working here is
money.
Money [music] money.
>> We use real money because everything we
do is real.
>> $250,000.
$500,000.
>> $1 million. $5 million of real money.
>> Most people can't [music] comprehend how
much money $500,000 is. So what we do is
we crumple it.
>> We have specific people paid [music] to
crumple money for hours upon hours upon
hours. So we crumple money because we
need to make it larger than life. Slack
is the only way we can keep
communication up because everything is
lightning [music] fast. Oh, we got a
slack coming in. Looks like Jimmy's
going to need $5 million crumpled. Oh,
dang. He's in 48 hours, but I think we
can accomplish it. So, this right here
is going to be the money crumpling
machine that both [music] sucks and
blows. Lower it in. It will be a little
loud.
I'm [music] going to have to really call
in some reinforcements.